yeah for charity
by the once upon a fansite in England
Josh wrote big love isn't he no he's on
once upon a Henry I love that it's like
Save Ferris god I'm just about to write
something Lord I was gonna say I'm with
Eddie Save Ferris I mean face AP and
Henry
school year BAM
yeah I'm doing it as a favor
Thank You Spyro I'm with Eddie say
Ferris
yes he's my son did you think you know
what I mean we all know where it came
from now
just make sure you don't like order it's
a quarter to them on the boat with a
bunch of people that you along with this
you have a play learn how to get on
better lower powers work indifferently
all very good questions wish I knew the
answer I I know that her magic
work we decide on how well
she's being forced to work with all
these other people to get her son back
and it's not the ideal situation for
Regina but I believe she has much of a
choice
so I kind of like looking at all of them
as the Avengers they just seem like
they're all superheroes you know
fighting something that's bigger than
them and they all really need to work
together to get Henry back
do you think she's going to last before
she just turns to the dark side again
like something temp sir
and isn't one do you prefer being the
medieval clean it's fun I think everyone
misses her too and it was really nice to
see her in the second season try to be
good and I think that wasn't you know a
good experiment but she was born to be
bad and she will remain evil and I think
that what we want to see and that's what
I want to play I think it's really neat
No
was it for me no she lost her mother
ain't gonna know but there was a
wonderful emotional and I think for your
character do you wanna I mean when she's
evil it's less emotion is
like my emotions I do I do I love the
drama part of why I love doing what I do
but I it's really about the connection
between mother and daughter that moved
me the most she sees her mother for the
first time with her heart she sees this
love and this genuine smile is happiness
and it's instantly taken away from her
and that's like their only moment in our
whole life but she had with her mother
that was real that was beautiful and
Barbara and I talked about that often
she is you know I've always I always
play the love I always play that Barbara
says I'm speaking for her she said she
always played the love
I don't think we ever knew that Korra
would end up in this place without that
we would she didn't have her heart and
that she you know had the she didn't
have the ability to love to the fullest
but when we saw that I think that was a
really beautiful moment for the two
characters and I'm happy that it existed
before she didn't die without her part
which is
I like and I feel this pressure like